>> The work we just did, building and training a multi-layer convolutional neural network,
would have taken hundreds of lines of code just a few years ago.
>> That's right. As deep neural networks become increasingly
important to everything from self-driving cars to voice recognition,
new libraries are making it much easier to use deep learning to solve real problems.
>> Next up, you're going to learn how to take networks that have already been trained,
and fine-tune them to accelerate your own work. This is called transfer learning.
>> Transfer learning is a standard tool in deep learning.
It really reduces your training time and improve your results.
>> See you soon!